Update differences-from-net-framework.md (#15407)
dotnet/docs: docs/desktop-wpf/migration/differences-from-net-framework.md

## SDK-style projects

.NET Core uses SDK-style project files. These project files are different from the traditional .NET Framework project files managed by Visual Studio. To migrate your .NET Framework WPF apps to .NET Core, you must convert your projects. For more information, see [Migrate WPF apps to .NET Core 3.0](convert-project-from-net-framework.md).

## NuGet package references

If your .NET Framework app lists its NuGet dependencies in a *packages.config* file, migrate to the [`<PackageReference>`](/nuget/consume-packages/package-references-in-project-files) format:

1. In Visual Studio, open the **Solution Explorer** pane.

> 1. In your WPF project, select *packages.config* > **Migrate packages.config to PackageReference**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In **Solution Explorer**, right-click **packages.config** > **Migrate packages.config to PackageReference**.
```

![Upgrading to PackageReference](media/differences-from-net-framework/package-reference-migration.png)

A dialog will appear showing calculated top-level NuGet dependencies and asking which other NuGet packages should be promoted to top level. Select **OK** and the *packages.config* file will be removed from the project and `<PackageReference>` elements will be added to the project file.

> When your project uses `<PackageReference>`, packages aren't stored locally in a Packages folder, they're stored globally. Open the project file and remove any `<Analyzer>` elements that referred to the Packages folder. These analyzers are automatically included with the NuGet package references.

Reviewer: folders should be italic.
